next year a shame i'll be ready for one
of these for christmas cool and how not
to get excited when you meet strangers I
think she likes to dance on to things
she has a little stumpy tail when it
goes a mile a minute Jay night Jim here
sit down sit sit
now she won't sit up Seth Shana ha ha ha
sit sit down sit sit
I got it it does it well ah that guy's
does it does it well show off
shake shake gosh it for me good job can
but that's all right Natalie canvas I
wanted to do it off early
that's
good job am i distracting apparently I'm
not distracting all right okay before oh
he's got to treat their chain of us no
no no that was a fan and and not chewing
but for successful they're wonderful
people it's more puppy training course
congratulations on graduation it's your
second of it that does it yeah what is
this very good
stick by shana